hey guys what's up welcome back to my
channel my name is naialah a if you're
new thank you guys so much for clicking
on this video today's video it's going
to be all about the moon and manifesting
I am so excited to film this video
because this is something new for me I
know that there's a full moon this
Friday for me and I was like you know
I'm gonna try this out but little did I
know you can manifest and create rituals
for yourself for every single phase of
the Moon it is so interesting I just sat
down and researched so much stuff about
this so I'm gonna share with you guys
each of the phases of the Moon and what
you can do to manifest your desires for
each phase as well as what you will need
so why do people manifest it with the
Moon manifesting with the moon takes the
energy and the vibration from the moon
phases and uses it with your spiritual
self to kind of manifest and accelerate
your manifestations it's kind of like
your own little spiritual therapy
something that I personally if someone
told me about quite a while ago I would
be like oh like that's like something to
do with like witches and stuff but it
really isn't you go through all the
different phases of the Moon and you
really dive deep into your
manifestations in order to accelerate
them and make them happen faster so the
first thing I'm gonna be sharing with
you guys is the essentials that you will
need to manifest with the Moon I've read
that anywhere between 20 and 30 minutes
it's a really good timing they all
depends on your preference I would give
myself a little bit more time so 20 to
30 maybe 45 minutes something else
that's really important is a fresh piece
of paper or a journal it can dedicate
this journal to your moon manifestations
as well as a pen or a pencil something
else that I find is anything that helps
you visualize your goals whether that's
a vision board a specific journal that
you've already journaled in something
else that can really help is really
calming and soothing music but you can
probably go on Spotify and type in moon
rituals I may be meditating music or
something like that something else
really interesting that I read is that
if you incorporate something that has to
do with the four elements that's a great
thing to bring into your space the four
elements are fire air water and earth
something that you can do for fire is
obviously burn a candle something you
can do for an Aries maybe opening your
windows or putting a wind chime outside
something you could do for water is
maybe do this in the bathtub or bring
ocean water like in a
or something can also do like an
essential oil diffuser and then for
earth you can bring anything like a
plant or it's like a rock or a crystal
so when it comes to crystal stones and
essential oils there are some
combinations of the two that can help
you increase your manifestation powers
and specifically to what you are
manifesting so the first one is an
amethyst and lavender oil this really
helps calm you and improves your trust
in the universe if you're trying to
release something it really clarifies
your space it protects you another
combination would be citrine and wild
orange this is for abundance and
prosperity and then last would be rose
quartz in rose oil and this is if you
are trying to manifest love and peace or
healing something else that you can
bring into your space is obviously
candles a very interesting story about
this video real quick I'm gonna totally
digress if you guys know anything about
Zooey Arielle I've done a collaboration
with her before she's the sweetest human
being ever she was going to send me
something and I think she's just doing
it out of the kindness of her heart and
I was like okay yeah sure like that's so
sweet of you thank you and I had this
video plan to make today I really wanted
to research more and about like the moon
and so I had this on my planned
manifestation Wednesday video for
specifically today I probably had on
here for about a couple months she sent
me this candle but on the back it tells
you there's like herbs and gems and
crystals in here and essential oils but
the thing about this candle that like
shook me to my core and I got chills
from it is that it's used to manifest a
specific energy and when they make the
actual candle they used a lunar energy
to bless each product so they use the
moon and this candle and when I got I
was like oh my god and she's like I told
you you manifested it and I was like
like that's so creepy so the fact of the
universe send me that signal I just felt
like this video was like made to be so
I'm definitely going to put that in my
manifestation routine when I am going to
be manifesting with the moon and that
leads me to the next one and anything
symbolic that brings you something
symbolic whether that is like a loved
one's possessions or like a candle like
this that was sent from the universe
anything that justice symbolizes
something for you and you want to put it
in your sacred space
definitely definitely
bring that and last but not least you
can use incense and maybe sage or
something which leads me on to the
environment section so you want to make
sure that this is your sacred space you
want it to be comfortable it has to be
free of distractions clean and clear
space to allow the manifestations to
flow and to block out anything else that
is distracting you so things like I just
mentioned like essential oils and
calming energies like maybe an oil
diffuser opening your windows you could
do it inside you could do it outside
just make sure that you are doing it in
the space that brings you peace and love
and free of distractions
maybe plants maybe cleaning up your
space or even taking a bath and
showering and cleaning up your physical
body your Salt Rock lamp anything that
just clears the energy and that you feel
comfortable the main thing here is that
you have to feel comfortable you have to
be in your element so now on to my
favorite part and this is gonna be the
phases of the Moon so the first phase of
the Moon is the new moon this is where
you are going to give the universe and
show the universe what you want you're
gonna sit down with your sacred space
whatever you have created as your moon
manifestation ritual write down
everything that you want to manifest
plant the seed and show the universe
what you want this is the new moon it's
the beginning of a cycle beginning of a
process and this is where you're going
to physically write it out say it out
loud and just show the universe really
what you want so the second phase of the
Moon is the waxing crescent moon this is
where the energy starts to build up and
it becomes a little bit more powerful so
this is where you're going to add energy
and more power into your manifestations
and this is where you're going to create
intentions what is your intention behind
this manifestation really dig deep and
use that energy from the Moon Journal it
out say it out loud and then the third
phase of the Moon is the first quarter
or the first half moon this is going to
be your building block this is where you
are going to build on these
manifestations and these intentions
you're going to create an action plan
whatever list that you had whatever
intentions that you had now you're
actually going to write out or journal
or visualize or meditate to your action
plan and focus on increasing your
vibration and aligning it with that
energy that you want aligning yourself
in your vibration with that action plan
and with
manifestations and with those intention
is going to bring that manifestation
quicker this is the time that you really
want to focus on your space because the
energy is increasing you want to
increase with it so putting in your
essential oils and your crystals and
maybe something that is special to you
and symbolic to you putting out those
salt rock lamps just anything and
everything that you can think of that
will just increase your vibration and
when you sit down in this space that use
you just feel the energy flowing and
you're just gonna write out your actions
say it out loud and just start the doing
process so the fourth phase of the Moon
is the waxing gibbous space this is
three days before the full moon so this
is where the receiving comes you're
gonna relook at that list of
manifestations that you made on the new
moon and you're gonna vividly visualize
yourself having it right around the
corner it's coming this is the receiving
phase of the Moon so when you visualize
make sure that it's a super super vivid
use all five of your senses make sure
it's in the present moment make sure
that you're visualizing yourself with
the manifestation and just happen to
every emotion and every feeling with
that manifestation and go through the
manifestation list and go through each
one of those now it is time for the full
moon this is where I thought like you're
supposed to like do the moon rituals I
didn't know that there's all these
phases that you can you know incorporate
into your manifestation routine so the
full moon brings so much energy this is
where it vibrates the fullest amount of
energy and you want to use that to your
advantage so here is where you are going
to acknowledge the energy that you
already have this is the gratitude part
of the manifestation you're gonna sit
down write down every single thing that
you have right here and right now
acknowledge and feel the energy you're
gonna release and let go of any doubt or
fear that you've had of manifesting
you're just using this full moons energy
to the full potential and you're really
building on that gratitude and abundance
that you have right here and right now
so the next phase is the waning gibbous
moon this is where the energy dies down
a little bit because it is right after
the full moon and this is a time of
self-awareness and reflection tap into
you know those limiting beliefs and
those things that come after such a high
this is gonna be like kind of your
therapeutic session biggest deepest
deepest block and limiting beliefs you
kind of found what you were great before
and what has worked for you in the last
phase of the Moon so this one kind of
rings and shifts over into what you were
lacking or what you cannot get the
reason behind that is because there's
something blocking you from receiving it
and you will find out in this phase of
the Moon what it is you're gonna go to
your past find out why is this one not
working do you have a limiting belief a
fear a doubt that is associated with
this manifestation figuring out what you
know is causing this from the past maybe
visualize yourself in that situation and
in those limiting beliefs and tap into
what is blocking you from receiving this
I need to release and let that go you're
just gonna take that and as hard as it
is just tapping into it and shifting
your focus and only focusing on that you
can find it's not as bad as you think it
is and you can release that limiting
belief and you no doubt that is coming
from that past experience or what not
and then you can also shift your energy
back over to what you do have and what
you're grateful for and that doesn't
always mean your manifestations that
could be your failures things that
you've learned your growth which brings
me to the last quarter the last half
moon this is the action phase so in the
last phase of the Moon you know you're
limiting and blocked belief like what
the root and cause of it is so now's the
time to break it down and release it and
also because the energy is improving a
little bit from the last phase of the
Moon you can use this block or limiting
belief and change it over to the
positive change the statement over to
positive affirmations how can you use
that negative block or limiting belief
to your advantage and change it into
something that pushes and drives you
more this is the face of the Moon where
you're able to do that and you think
more positively about that and you're
gonna take action to that you're gonna
journal about it increase your behavior
around that limiting belief change the
limiting belief to like positive
affirmations and then overall just
change your focus and shift and behavior
about that limiting belief you don't
want to just completely forget about it
because that is not really getting to
the root and causes a problem and fixing
it and using it to your advantage
and lastly would be the waning crescent
moon this is 72 hours before the new
moon the new new moon and this is where
you're gonna empty all of that negative
energy and create a great energy for the
next new moon
you're gonna release anything that
you've had doubt fear anxiety maybe the
manifest a
itself just release and trust this is
the trusting part of the face of the
moon release let go and create space for
that spiritual self and a list of new
manifestations about is it for this
video I really hope you guys enjoyed it
if you guys want me to do like my
personal manifestation at moon ritual
let me know and that would be something
I'm kind of interested in and I was
actually gonna do that this Friday but
that's a full moon I kinda want to start
with the new moon phase I want to create
like a little space for my
manifestations somebody actually told me
that the little desk area if you guys
watched my apartment tour in my space
should be like my manifestation little
suction and I love that idea I actually
ended up putting this candle there and
I'm gonna kind of create a space there
and I think that's what I'm gonna do all
of my journaling and stuff for my moon
manifestations it's definitely something
I want to incorporate in my life even if
I you guys don't really believe in that
you think it's a bunch of hocus-pocus
just a fact of like really diving deep
into yourself and your spirituality and
improving yourself for the better I
think is what I personally would love to
benefit from so even if you don't
believe in the whole moon and energy and
stuff behind it it's definitely a
spiritual therapy for yourself and
you're really focusing on yourself and
you know being able to become more self
aware is a great great thing so yeah I
just really thought it was a great video
topic and I'm really interested in it
and I'll let you guys know kind of like
after I do my first little full cycle of
the Moon and see how that's worked out
for me if you guys do it or if you guys
have already done it definitely let me
know your experience down below I am so
interested if you guys want to do it
with me let's do it give this video a
like if you liked it comment down below
any other video requests that you guys
have for me and I'll see you guys all in
my next video bye guys
[Music]